import 

invition to appointment letter
clinician -> clinician (informing, with/without diagnosis), ccd to patient
clinician -> clinician (referral)
clinician -> professional
-- patient didnt attend appointment
-- letting patient know test results are fine





diagnosis:
conversation points:
treatment:
plan:
date info:




NHS
Blood and Transplant
Charcot Road
Colindale
London
NW9 5GB
11 November 2014
Private and Confidential
www.blood.co.uk
Dear Mx
Thank you very much for getting in touch with us.
Your query has been passed on to our department for further comment. I can see
that Vivian did explain that our IT system is currently unable to offer the options of
non-specific gender title of Mx.
It is not a problem if a transgender person wishes to donate providing we establish
the donor's preferred gender i.e., male or female. Once we have established the
preferred gender of the donor, we will treat the donor according to his/her preference.
Trans men FtM donors will be treated as male donors regardless of their female
characteristics and similarly, we will treat trans women MtF donors as female donors
regardless of their male characteristics. Again, the donor has to decide whether they
will be gendered as male or female before we can proceed. It is clinically important
for us to identify whether the donor is male or female in order to ensure we only
accept donations when it is safe for both donors and recipients. Our haemoglobirn
testing on session have different acceptance levels between male and female
donors. We have a much higher cut-off level for male donors than female donors. I
must apologise for the wrong information you have been given. Male donors tend to
have a higher haemoglobin count compared to female donors but not necessarily the
platelet count. There are various factors why this is the case and one of these are the
high levels of testosterone among the male population including those on
testosterone therapy i.e. trans men donors.
Hoping you will find the information useful. Please feel free to contact our helpline on
0300 123 23 23 if you need to discuss further and request to be put through to the
Clinical Support Team. We are available between 8am - 8pm Monday to Friday,
9:30am to 5:00pm on weekends.
With best wishes and kindest regards.
Yours sincerely
Alvin Fabiana
Senior Nurse Practitioner
Business ABOU
Forum
Save a life
Give blood
Disability0C
Bullding
disablity-smar
organisation
SABL